fiona x eli ( priestess x seer )
Fiona - priestess 
Eli - seer( his bird can take one damage for him)
Aesop - embalmer
Andrew - gravekeeper
Violetta - big scary spider trying to kill people 

START 
" help me!" with no hesitation I sent owl over. My fiona is the most important! Owl is probably going to be angry at me for letting him get spanked in 
place of fiona, but anything for her. Owl returned to my shoulder, with a few feathers missing and his tail bruised. " You kidding me? It was that big spider! You 
let me get spanked by that? I hate you." Owl glared at me and refused to talk to me. Well thats the price I pay. 
I stood by the gates and waited for Fiona. Where is she? I was starting to get panicky. I was not going to leave without Fiona. 
In just three seconds, my worst fear came alive. Violetta chased Fiona all the way to the gate I was at, I dashed foward to shield her from Violetta's relentless blade attacks. 
Violetta did not seem to care about me at all she went straight foward...
" NO FIONA NO " her blade slashed across Fiona's arm, red blood slowly drenched her clothes as she hit the ground. My heart fell, I failed. I failed to protect Fiona. I knelt down 
and lifted Fiona up. " ARGH " I suddenly felt a sharp pain on my back. Violetta is not letting anyone go. Aware that I was protecting Fiona, she took adavantage to 
end me. 
I gritted my teeth and gently placed Fiona to the ground,before dropping to the ground in pain. Owl flew off my shoulders towards Violetta spanking her in the face 
till she could take it no longer and quickly left. 
Seeing the life drain away from Fiona's face,my heart ached. I still forced a smile upon my face and mumbled to her. 
" Remember me
Though I have to say goodbye
Remember me
Don't let it make you cry..."
She raised her hand and gently stroked my face,a tear rolled down her cheeks. She smiled. 
" Thank you." she clutched my arm tightly and shut her eyes. 
Her grip losened. 
My heart fell. 
" No , Fiona , stay with me , Emily is coming soon , hold on , please..." I shook her, hoping that she was just playinig a joke. 
It slowly sank in.
She was gone.
Forever. 
Pain surged through my body and the world in front of me turned black. 
" Eli! Come! These flowers look so pretty!"
This voice... Colour slowly filled in my view. I looked around and saw that I was lying on a meadow. Green grass covered the hills with patches of brightly
coloured flowers. Fiona knelt in front of a patch of flowers , admiring them. 
" Fiona? " confusion filled me,but I was elated. Anything to be with Fiona , I am not questioning anything.
She turned and smiled at me , that warm smile... I rushed foward and gave her a tight hug , silent , but filled with so much happiness.
We ran all around the meadow , the wind flowing through our hair, our laughter was the only thing that we could hear. Everything seemed to be in slow motion, 
Fiona's smile and laughter just seemed to be that bit more pretty , mesmerising. 
After having much fun, we sat down at the peak of the small hill , enjoying the breeze while chatting. Just as we were going to stand up and continue exploring
the meadows, my head started having splitting pains and before I could say anything , my vision turned black again.
" Eli , wake up , or Aesop and Andrew will have some work to do." I opened my eyes and saw Emily. 
" Where's Fiona? What happened to her? " I quickly asked, worried.
Emily shook her head. Aesop and Andrew quickly slipped away. It hit me. Fiona, the Fiona that I spent the last few hours with, was just my imagination. I broke down
in uncontrollable tears,blaming myself for Fiona's death. If I had done something earlier, maybe she would not have died. I hate myself. Emily seemed to understand 
what I was thinking, and shook her head even harder. 
Fiona, I miss you. Will you come back , please?
